remember that excited feeling you got as
a kid when you were going to stay at a
hotel
oh boy it feels like a mini-vacation
until the experience of your actual stay
leaves you cringing there are ways to
avoid a bad hotel altogether check it
out
what the photos look too photoshopped
say that like any good traveler you go
to the hotel's website and do some
research the site should provide photos
of their rooms and amenities like the
pool give these photos a close look if
they look fake and to edit it the hotel
may have something that rather you not
see look for the use of a fisheye lens
this can be used to make rooms look
bigger and for colors that look like
they may have been enhanced good hotels
will have professional looking photos on
their sites but they'll look authentic
and realistic to the hotel website and
Google don't seem to match up Google is
your friend open a new tab and Google
the hotel you're looking into do some
cross-checking
even a Google image search can give you
a lot of info are there only pictures of
the outside of the hotel on their
website but Google image shows photos of
some not so stellar looking rooms huge
red flag are their reviews posted on
Google but not on the hotel's website
another red flag and a simple Google
Earth search will tell you if your hotel
is really where you think is located 2 3
the hotel website itself is outdated a
hotel's website should be inviting but
clean and above all modern and
professional it should make you want to
stay there and the Internet has become
the basic tool for traveling we look up
travel tips and things to do even
purchase our plane tickets all online so
a hotel should definitely care about
what their online presence looks like if
their website makes you feel like you're
in a time warp back to the 90s that's a
pretty poor upkeep and what does that
say about the actual hotel it might lead
you to think it isn't clean or inviting
you're probably right before the
computers are outdated if the front desk
clerk is typing on a dinosaur of a
computer that could be a bad sign it
could also mean a security breach if
they have to write your credit card
number down instead of swiping it into
the system one miss placement of that
credit card number could mean a huge
headache for you
outdated technology in the hotel means
it probably hasn't been bringing in a
lot of money which would lead you to ask
why that is bad reviews dirty rooms or
police say it isn't so
bedbugs if a hotel is doing well their
technology should be just as updated as
what you have in your hands five the
price is not right excuse the wordplay
but it's true besides we replace what I
do anyway if the hotel you're thinking
of staying at doesn't seem to match the
price for one of its rooms then
something probably isn't right how many
stars does your hotel have are you
paying a cheap price for a luxurious
hotel that seems too good to be true
then it probably is compare prices to
hotels in the same area and of the same
caliber as your hotel are the price is
pretty close if not that's another big
red flag 6 backlash at bad reviews if
the hotel provides reviews for you to
look at and they should definitely take
the time to read these and particularly
if and how your hotel responds to poor
reviews are their responses rude
offensive or full of excuses or do they
take the bad review as constructive
criticism and promise to do better how
hotels handle reviews really speaks to
their integrity also keep in mind if the
hotel takes criticism well that's a good
thing but you still probably don't want
to stay in a hotel with a ton of bad
reviews 7 the good reviews aren't recent
while we're talking about reviews how
recent are those positive reviews no
matter how wonderful a good review made
a hotel sound if it's over six months
old at the very least it means something
drain
a stick may have changed obviously
positive reviews are great but don't
take them at face value dig a little
deeper are there a surge of new reviews
positive or negative if the hotel
previously had good ratings and now
there are poor ones everywhere something
is clearly wrong
same goes for the opposite if the hotel
had negative reviews before but is now
receiving positive ones that means the
hotel cared enough to fix what was wrong
number eight bedbugs gross but never
fear there's actually an online bedbug
report that you can look up you can type
in the name and location of your hotel
and see if any previous guests have
reported bedbugs don't even consider a
hotel if bedbugs have been reported
these critters are easy to take home
with you but hard and inconvenient to
get rid of 9 dirty carpets if the carpet
is supposed to be white it should look
white just imagine how many people have
stayed in that room and how long is gone
on vacuumed to make the carpet look so
gross if the hotel truly cares about its
appearance and cleanliness rugs and
carpets won't look dirty at all they'll
look like they've been regularly
vacuumed and shampooed this is a quick
and easy visual way to check if your
hotel's cleaning standards are up to
snuff 10 the hotel doesn't seem to care
about safety unfortunately this is one
of those things that you might not be
sure about until you walk through the
doors if you arrive after hours even
super late in the evening is there still
an attendant at the front desk do the
rooms have intact and functioning lock
systems if the answers to these
questions are no then you may want to
stay somewhere else your safety should
be the hotel's top priority don't stay
in a hotel that's careless about it even
if you think it's located in a good area
11 hotel signs aren't in good condition
whether it's an exit sign a sign
pointing you to the elevators or a sign
indicating where your room is
their condition can tell you a lot about
the hotel standards and
what about their sign outside it's the
first bit of advertisement you see and
the first indication of what kind of
hotel you're about to walk into if their
signs don't look polished and
professional that may mean that they're
careless about maintenance and other
more important areas like your bathroom
whether you see pictures of a hotel
signage on their website or in person
it's something worth noting twelve it's
hard to reach a real person at the front
desk you know it can be really annoying
when you want to order room service or
you need some more towels and it can't
reach anyone at the front desk
you just get a recording hotels are
considered part of the hospitality
industry for a reason they should be at
your service you're a guest of the hotel
staff are expected to take care of your
needs in a timely manner if you have
trouble reaching someone at the front
desk this could indicate a lack of
discipline on the management's part they
may not really care whether their
employees are doing what they should be
or that they're where they should be
which brings me to number thirteen
generally poor service has this ever
happened to you you walk up to the front
desk with a question and a messy-looking
clerk takes their time to look up at you
barely hides an eye roll and ask you to
repeat your question now you just feel
like a bother even though they clearly
aren't busy at all how you're treated
right when you walk through the doors of
your hotel is a good indication of what
the quality of the rest of your stay
will be adding to that did you ever have
any conversations over the phone with a
hotel before you arrived
was that conversation helpful and
pleasant the same goes for when you
catch the clerk while they're on the
hotel's phone take note of how they're
talking to the person on the other end
it could be another gas and therefore a
strong indicator of how you'll be
treated professional pleasant and
willing employees are a good sign that
you're in for a good stay
[Music]